1. about: show pic, name and title on main page; clickable; show the detailed intro when clicking into. use the same modal as "leave a message"
2. add a new tab for hiring (open position). a placeholder for now. 
3. hide the "Fun" tab
4. reramp the coding strcuture so that it is easy to maintain. make it modular. the goal is that in the future I can update the website (adding news, about, gallery, research, publication) without touching the code
5. publication: add a featured highlight section on top of the pub list. 1 main highlight with figure title and a short description; 4 highlights with figure and title, no description. reference science.org ->container-fluid class.  check out the screenshot Archive\featured-pubs-example.PNG


redesign the website style for me. the website style I really like: https://wave.engr.uga.edu/.   minimalist/editorial visual overhaul
with the folowing changes especially taken care of:
1. home: improve the featured news. 
2. update the font. use the typography skill. style: symplify, sanserif, for instance, calibri. simialr to the font on apple website. give me some options.
3. home: galley section. improve the design. reference: https://wave.engr.uga.edu/#:~:text=Social%20and%20Work-,Explore%20the%20Gallery,-VIEW%20ALL%20GALLERY

/brainstorming the design using frontend design and responsive-patterns skill. ask me any questions grill me hard.




 minimalist/editorial visual overhaul, responsive fixes, day/night consolidation into CSS-variable theming, and nav/IA reorganization



Revision 1
0. General
0.1. each tab other than home page, title too close to header
0.2. tap navigator should be there in header in mobile phone mode. see main branch for how they flex
1. Home page
1.1 container.hero and container.home-news should still follow the left-right layout in the main branch. container-hero should take 40% and container.home-news take 60%.
1.2 news featured-large should have its image in 1:1 format.
1.3 in mobile-phone layout, hero and home-news should be top-down, then, hide "small" news and only show the rolling large news.
2. News
2.1. all image should be 1:1
3. about
3.1. for PI, no need to do float window. Should follow main branch, post all the about directly on the page. Also, PI image show full size, not 1:1, like main branch
4. research
4.1. should follow main branch structure of a core big picture description, and a high level image first, then organize each card into current projects and previous projcts, like the current branch format.
4.2.  Click into each project failed.

Revision 3
1. how to restrict latest news feature card size
2. Header "Shao Lab" where to changes
3. how to add sections/types under about
